Sample ssp (#282)
18F/fedramp-automation: src/validations/CONTRIBUTING.md

Per [18F/fedramp-automation#61](https://github.com/18F/fedramp-automation/issues/61), programmatic diff utilities to semantically analyze the differences between OSCAL versions requires resources not available at this time.

Generating a sample OSCAL System Security Plan XML document
---

An XSL transform [`sample-ssp.xsl`](rules/sample-ssp.xsl) can be used to produce a (rather rudimentary) OSCAL SSP document in XML form. The transform uses one of the [resolved catalogs](../../dist/content/baselines/rev4/xml) as input.

> This transform uses a Java method `java.util.UUID` to generate UUIDs and `expath:encode-string` as well as and when used with Saxon (such as within oXygen XML Editor) must employ Saxon-PE or Saxon-EE (i.e., Saxon-HE is not sufficient).

Reviewer: To make the requirement more clear, just a minor wording suggestion.

```suggestion
Saxon-PE or Saxon-EE is required (such as within oXygen XML Editor). Saxon-HE is not supported, due to extension usage.
```
